With the "Spear of Heaven"
and the "Shield of Earth"...
The government had put their last-resort plan to eliminate Korosensei into action.
We couldn't get them to hear us out.
Our last mission: get to school safely without losing anyone!
We need to see him.
There won't be closure unless we do.
Time left until the deadline for Korosensei's assassination:
three hours!
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
3 Hours Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
22nd Period Kanzaki Yukiko & Nakamura Rio
Happy Birthday Time
Three hours until the Spear of Heaven is fully charged.
It's a shame we'll be destroying him so completely, though.
We'll be losing a rare test sample.
But it's worth it to keep the world safe.
Can those kids make it through?
What is it?!
Intruders on the mountain!
Seems they've gotten past the police line!
It's a mob of monsters!
What a nightmare!
I can't tell how many there are!
Think you can mess with us?
Okay... Nice teamwork, you three.
We've lost contact with Squad B.
Our intruders must be the real deal. Watch yourself.
Got it.
H-Hey!
They've got a sniper! Watch out! Location—
Hey, uh... that didn't sound so great.
He's fine.
I wrapped him up nice and soft, that's all.
This squad's taken care of, Karma.
Okay.
How's things by you?
Hmm? Right now... Agh! Hot! It burns!
Ow! It burns!
Sorry 'bout that! But you're all such pros.
How else am I going to get you to scream?
See, we need you to holler to lure out a few more reinforcements.
I'd like to take care of two or three more while I'm here.
That's doable, right, Ritsu?
Yep.
About three more are approaching over the ridge.
There's also a fixed machine gun on the high ground with the fir tree.
Roger.
How about the route from the crimson-glory-vine thicket through the stand of stone oaks?
Yep, that should be safe.
Okay, Terasaka, go that way, take down their guys,
and advance to the lone pine.
Got it!
Squads C and D have gone missing!
I need a status report, pronto!
What's the meaning of this, Karasuma?!
That mountain is those students' home turf.
They've spent the last year there tangling with a super-organism,
having fun, and taking classes.
They'll know their way around it blindfolded by now.
Right there, on that patch of campus,
they're the world's most terrifying assassins.
Were you behind all this?
They made their own decision. They formed their own plan.
And they carried it out themselves.
Even if we'd tried to hold them back,
they'd be ready to bust through with everything they had.
He's like a proud father.
Okajima, they're coming your way.
Another fifty meters.
Akabane Karma is the most suited to take command.
With his devilish brain, he'll use anything and everything at his disposal.
What the...
How many of 'em are there?!
We're just gonna zap you a little, 'kay?
This mountain's just covered with traps.
We might've set them for Korosensei, but this works too.
Hey! Lemme down!
Still some o' you jokers left, eh?
I will admit: we did let our guards down.
Looks like you kids have a far better command of this place than we do.
Tranquilizer darts, eh?
But now that I know what I'm up against, that won't make a difference.
Karma!
You punks...
If you'd only behave, this could all be over.
Why in blazes are you rebelling this late in the game?!
This is something we have to resolve ourselves!
You don't get to march in now and boss us around!
Please trust us on the whole Korosensei thing!
Just back off already and let us handle it!
Karma!
Nagisa.
Hey! He's still moving!
You damn brats!
Finish the job right, you dumbasses!
You can keep your show-off high-fives!
No response from any of our troops!
What?!
I knew it was you from your very footsteps.
Sensei...
You've come so far, class.
Korosensei!
You mean those students crossed the barrier, fully aware of the danger?
What do they possibly hope to accomplish?!
They're civilians. We can't leave them to their own devices.
If the target gets desperate, it could be a catastrophe.
Irina and I will go. We can talk them down.
That's the light from the laser.
I see. So they'll be firing the killing laser just before midnight.
That much power would even break my Absolute Defense Form.
No way... Korosensei, let's find a way out of here!
We'll be your hostages, or whatever else it takes!
There's no stopping that laser now—
not when people know I'm out there.
Did you know all along that it would come to this?
Even if I don't explode,
you can't expect all these nations not to be afraid of a monster like me.
Sooner or later, they'll want to snuff me out.
It's only reasonable.
If only we'd acted sooner, there might have been a way...
Like breaking the barrier projectors,
or making the rounds online and on TV to plead our case!
Octo-Creature's Students' Tearful Appeal!
Then you'd have been labeled as even more dangerous,
and you might have been placed under stricter surveillance.
Besides, the projectors' defenses are impregnable.
There are anti-aircraft weapons in place,
poised to launch if I so much as huck a rock at them.
And with your current capabilities and equipment,
you likely wouldn't even make it that far.
That is how perfect this plan was.
They spared nothing, pouring in tech, time, and manpower.
This assassination—
this realization of the world's combined wisdom and efforts—
surpasses my own abilities, for which I offer my respect
and gratitude for the honor of having been its target.
But... then all our hard work getting to this point... was all wasted?
None of it was, Yada-san.
You went all the way to space to find out that my probability of exploding was less than one percent.
That brought the light back to a gloomy and downcast E Class,
and the month that followed was short, but very sweet.
That whole journey—and the dedication in your hearts—is what matters.
You used every last bit of what you'd learned to come and see me.
A teacher can find no greater happiness.
Why won't they just declare that time's up?
It's just one percent! That's a risk we'll take, and gladly!
Why won't the government and the rest of 'em hear us out, when we're the ones who've been closest to you?
This octopus is just a harmless perv!
"We won't listen to what those kids have to say.
We'll just pity them instead."
It's insulting.
Like we can shut up and take this!
Next time I see those goons, I'm gonna—
Terasaka-kun, all of you... Let me give you some advice.
As you go through life,
there will certainly be times things don't go as you'd hoped
due to the mighty current of society pushing against you.
When this happens, do not look to society for a cause.
Do not renounce society.
Frankly, you'd be wasting your time.
Instead, just say, "That's life!"
and muddle your way through the frustration.
Once you're past it, consider:
if society's swift current is tossing you around,
how should you be swimming there in its midst?
You should have learned how, here in the E Class—
in this assassination classroom.
You don't always have to stand and face it head-on.
You can run, and you can hide.
If it's not against the rules, you can try a sneak attack.
You can use unconventional weapons.
Stay determined— neither impatient nor discouraged—
and with repeated trial and error,
you're bound to reach a splendid outcome eventually.
That's because each and every one of you is a top-tier assassin who can do just that.
Geez. A lesson, really? Now?
Now's just the time for this lesson.
An educator never misses an opportunity to teach.
But you know, for you to try so wholeheartedly to save me...
I'm so happy I've been holding back tears this entire time.
And I mean that.
How can Korosensei be so calm?
If he hadn't come to our E Class,
he might've been able to live a normal life somewhere.
We were Korosensei's...
By the way, Nakamura-san,
your footsteps were awfully gentle, even during that pitched mountain battle.
And... do I smell something sweet?
Sharp ears and a sharp nose...
It's been exactly one year since the day the moon exploded, right?
As I recall, Yukimura-sensei made today your birthday.
Feel free to praise my skill in getting this here in one p—
Hey! I'm talking!
But... It's just...
It's my first sweet anything in a week!
Ew, you're drooling!
Come on, everyone! Let's get singing!
And... go!
Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you!
Man, this is some bullshit—tooo youuu!
Happy birthday, dear Korosensei...
Happy birthday to you!
This is more than enough.
C'mon, blow it out, Korosensei!
There's just one, so make it count!
A far greater reward than I deserve.
Happy birthday.
Shi—
No... Yanagisawa.
The time is ripe.
Let me give you the gift of the world's cruelest death.
Sensei. You know who I am, don't you?
Why don't I reintroduce him—to your students, too.
He's the man who stole the name of the Reaper from that octopus.
And...
As of today, he's the new Korosensei.
Assassination Classroom Final Season Akabane Karma
Farewell, my teacher.
You never did see my face,
did you?
If there were another with my skills,
the scope of my assassination work would widen considerably.
So when he volunteered to be my pupil, I took him in and trained him.
This was a man who admired power.
And so power he was taught, just as he'd desired.
To cultivate loyalty, I also showed him the absolute gap in power between us.
I gave him profit and awe in spades.
There should have been no risk of betrayal.
Sensei! Looking at our infiltration route for this job,
wouldn't there be fewer guards if we come in from the east gate?
Let me handle this, and I'll do all the prep work!
Mmm. We won't make any changes.
Lead us in through here, as planned.
Sensei, I've thought up a knife move with lots of killing power!
This dual-wield variation—
Mmm. Doesn't work, does it?
If you don't want to introduce more risk to your work,
master the skills you've been taught first.
It wasn't so much that I was lacking.
I just didn't understand anything back then.
Your student probably just wanted to be seen. By you.
You were my first student, and I...
I wasn't seeing you.
Yanagisawa...
Was this also part of your plan?
So now we can collect actual combat data and the target's body?
With just one of those, the whole war on terror would be over.
An unkillable, invincible creature...
I'm sure our nation would love to put that to practical use.
That's...
Is that thing...
The second Reaper... The one who'd attacked us!
Before it was just his face. Now his whole body is monstrous!
He's just had the same modifications as that octopus.
The only difference is that he begged for them.
Completely unlike that failure, Itona, or my little sister-in-law over there.
Can you even imagine?
A man who overpowered you single-handedly even as a human
now possesses tentacles as matchless as his hatred.
The resulting destructive power: unthinkable.
Die!
Run away!
A sonic boom.
His tentacles have an initial velocity of Mach 2.
And they can reach a top speed... of Mach 40.
M-Mach 40?!
In short, his basic performance is doubled.
The Reaper 2.0's superhuman kinetic vision and intuition are amplified via his tentacles,
making him readily adaptable to a supersonic world.
Unlike some amateur children, he took to his tentacles readily—
just like version 1 over there.
Korosensei!
But the greatest difference is that unlike you and that octopus,
those tentacles were not designed with long-term operation in mind.
That means he needs no upkeep. He's disposable.
I've made it so he can draw out tremendous levels of energy,
in exchange for shortening his lifespan to three months.
And there's no danger of him exploding at death.
Is this not a safe and invincible weapon?
You always do this.
You're always hurting others...
from your safe spot away from it all!
Is that what you think?
Did you really believe I wasn't fully prepared to die?
Hey, that's... It can't be...
I don't give a damn about my life anymore.
If I can kill the creature who stole everything from me, I'd call that a fair trade.
Joints, muscle fibers, the spinal cord, the nervous system—
it may not be a full-body operation, but by gradually implanting tentacles in those key places,
I can retain my human faculties while becoming something so much more.
Die a pathetic death, guinea pig...
and scar your beloved students for life!
Why, you...!
Class...
There's something I forgot to mention in my earlier lesson.
Even an assassin who's cleverly avoided all head-to-head battles
is sure to have at least one encounter in their life
where they must fight with every last ounce of strength they possess.
And in my case...
that would be now!
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoide wa boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again